Update README.md (#137)
pulp-platform/bender: README.md

> Note: The location of the override may be updated in the future to prevent modifying the human-editable `Bender.local` file by adding a persistent section to `Bender.lock`.

> > Note: The newly created directory will be a git repo with a remote origin pointing to the `git` tag in `Bender.yml`. On the other hand, git does not support `https` remotes for pushing changes. In order to push changes from the new directory, you can do one of the following:
> > 1. Use `git@...` URLs in `Bender.yml`.
> > 2. Add a new remote with `git remote add`.
> > 3. Create your `git` overrides in your `Benderlocal`, run `bender update` and `bender clone`.
> 

Reviewer: I don't think this ReadMe should be a tutorial in how to use git.

```suggestion
> Note: The newly created directory will be a git repo with a remote origin pointing to the `git` tag of the resolved dependency (usually evaluated from the manifest (`Bender.yml`)). You may need to adjust the git remote URL to properly work with your remote repository.
```
